README.md, before:

# SETr Example Reserve Package  

This is a full example, using Grand Bay's data, of what participating reserves will receive with their own data at the end of the SETr project (2/28/2020). We welcome any feedback that you end-users have. Some specifics on what we still especially need are below. Track changes is great for any of the Word documents. Please send any thoughts to Kim and Suzanne by **Friday, 2/7**.   

+  Feedback on the outreach document is still in the process of being incorporated. Some changes have been made so it's worth a look; don't get too hung up on anything that's obviously still messy though.   

+  The main thing we need is feedback on the documentation: **GUIDE to the SETr workflow**, in the main folder. I've tried to find a balance between "brief" and "comprehensive" - it is meant to be short and easy to look through to figure out what you need. I'm still making changes but there are several comments (using track changes) that I'd like your thoughts on. Additionally, if there are any pieces of the process that need more documentation, please point it out! Potential weak spots are the interactive portions - my tendency is to let people click around, vs. documenting every single thing that might happen. But there's probably a happy medium, so please share your preferences.    

+  A fairly new addition to the process is the `user_defined_inputs.xlsx` spreadsheet in the metadata folder. Please see if this is understandable, and if the documentation in the "GUIDE" covers it well enough. Also, is there any other flexibility that you want? (No promises at this point, because some things are harder than you'd think. But some things are easier than you'd think, and timid questions about whether something is possible have led to some really great options in this workflow - so ASK!)    

+  The other document that especially needs eyes right now is the Word report containing analyses, found in `R_output/analysis`. We're still working on language cleanup, but does this generally make sense? Is anything missing? Do you have any wording that would help out with some of the rought spots? Again, please use track changes on this one.

Commit message:

updated readme for rstudio::conf

README.md, after:

# SETr Example Reserve Package  

Welcome **rstudio::conf(2020)** attendees! This is a full example, with some language still in extremely draft-y form, of the workflow and outputs of the NERRS Science Collaborative-funded project "Is marsh surface tracking sea level change? Developing tools and visualizations for NERRS Sentinel Site Data". The powerpoint of the interactive e-poster that brought you here is also online: https://github.com/swmpkim/rstudioconf2020_eposter  

Evolving code for the project is here:
https://github.com/swmpkim/SETr_Reserve_Template

Outputs will eventually be archived at:
http://nerrssciencecollaborative.org/


# NERR staff:  

This is a full example, using Grand Bay's data, of what participating reserves will receive with their own data at the end of the SETr project (2/28/2020). We welcome any feedback that you, end-users, have. Some specifics on what we still especially need are below. Track changes is great for any of the Word documents. Please send any thoughts to Kim and Suzanne by **Friday, 2/7**.   

+  Feedback on the outreach document is still in the process of being incorporated. Some changes have been made so it's worth a look; don't get too hung up on anything that's obviously still messy though.   

+  The main thing we need is feedback on the documentation: **GUIDE to the SETr workflow**, in the main folder. I've tried to find a balance between "brief" and "comprehensive" - it is meant to be short and easy to look through to figure out what you need. I'm still making changes but there are several comments (using track changes) that I'd like your thoughts on. Additionally, if there are any pieces of the process that need more documentation, please point it out! Potential weak spots are the interactive portions - my tendency is to let people click around, vs. documenting every single thing that might happen. But there's probably a happy medium, so please share your preferences.    

+  A fairly new addition to the process is the `user_defined_inputs.xlsx` spreadsheet in the metadata folder. Please see if this is understandable, and if the documentation in the "GUIDE" covers it well enough. Also, is there any other flexibility that you want? (No promises at this point, because some things are harder than you'd think. But some things are easier than you'd think, and timid questions about whether something is possible have led to some really great options in this workflow - so ASK!)    

+  The other document that especially needs eyes right now is the Word report containing analyses, found in `R_output/analysis`. We're still working on language cleanup, but does this generally make sense? Is anything missing? Do you have any wording that would help out with some of the rought spots? Again, please use track changes on this one.
